it feels good you know I've given the
way last year ended you know we're
pretty easy to get back and you know
good to be back in here it's a little
late but yeah you know we'll take it as
better late than never is this the first
day kind of eerie no it looks you know
it looks a little fresh in here a little
brand-new usually in December it's a
little worn out you know the nesa
different the court is different but
it's all the same it feels good to be
back was there a point where you're
thinking we're not gonna play this year
I mean I never I was always optimistic i
never thought that we weren't going to
play but it was looking bad a few times
and and people kept asking me and I
didn't you know I just didn't know what
to say we were just sitting ducks
waiting and you know people kept asking
me I said I know as much as you do I
mean the information is the same we're
just sitting here waiting and you know
we're waiting for a deal and hopefully
we could get it but you know I came at
the last minute and we're back and
hopefully it'll be official pretty soon
Chris a lot of guys worked out on their
own is there any concern about coming
back what everything is so condensed and
start everything in a hurry as far as
guys being shape maybe injuries well I
think I'm that's always a concern when
you don't have a full pre-season and a
full training camp i think if you look
at the NFL you can kind of see that but
you know it's on guys we're all
professional this is our job and we have
to we have to stay in shape you know and
I'm you know that's something i read it
took very seriously during the
off-season you know knowing that our
number could be called at any minute
it's very tough doing it but you have to
do it i just tried to treat it like a
non of five get up every morning and get
my work done you're a thoughts on
starting the season at dallas on
christmas day it's a bit ironic I think
everybody did it on purpose but you know
whatever for the ratings right but you
know I use it as motivation I know
they're going to be pumped up you know
it's the worst time to be at home for me
but
everything happens for a reason so do
you know we're going to have to watch it
and take it all in and and just use that
as fuel for residences now you guys are
disciplined but was it hard to stay on
any kind of schedule a routine during
these five months it was very difficult
I mean um you know to go hard like
training camp is going to start tomorrow
I mean so many times we thought that the
season was going to come back it was
looking good then the next thing you
know it's done and you know that that
breaks your spirits a little bit you
don't want to just go okay well I'm
gonna run as hard as I did yesterday
even though we didn't reach a deal you
know that kind of goes through your mind
and you know I kind of saw the ups and
downs and the emotions of how it can
really affect your workouts and
everything but I'm pretty proud of
myself I stuck with it and and you know
I feel that I'm ready what do you think
of the heat been the early favorite that
went at all right we should be you know
where we're thinking chairmanship and
you know I'm not if I'm not afraid to
say that you know we came up a little
short last year it's all good you know
we have to learn from that but you know
we're going for championship this year
and I'm you know we need to we need to
put that out there as soon as possible